CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?

Rock, Paper, & Scissors. Chose from one of the example options. 

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?

My program will allow a user to play a game of rock, paper, & scissors against a computer. 
This will help solve boredom and allow a user to enjoy playing a game especially if they don't
have someone to do something with. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program?

I will learn how to take the steps neccessary to writing a program that
plays this game. I will be able to use the steps that we have learned this
semester and apply them. I will use functions, test those functions, use either
a list or a dictionary. 

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

    The only module I can think of that my program will utilize is random. 
    I have to have the computer choose a random selection of rock, paper, or 
    scissors. 

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

    Yes, my program will have a function that asks the user to make a choice 
    of which item they want to use. Another function will have the computer randomly
    choose their item. I will use another function that decides the winner based on 
    the choices of both the computer and the user. Lastly, I'll use a function to ask 
    the user if they want to play again. 

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?

Yes, I will at least test two of my functions. 